Improve documentation (#281)
rrousselGit/flutter_hooks: README.md

#### Listenable related hooks:

| Name                                                                                                                    | Description                                                                                         |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [useListenable](https://pub.dartlang.org/documentation/flutter_hooks/latest/flutter_hooks/useListenable.html)           | Subscribes to a `Listenable` and marks the widget as needing build whenever the listener is called. |
| [useValueNotifier](https://pub.dartlang.org/documentation/flutter_hooks/latest/flutter_hooks/useValueNotifier.html)     | Creates a `ValueNotifier` which will be automatically disposed.                                     |
| [useValueListenable](https://pub.dartlang.org/documentation/flutter_hooks/latest/flutter_hooks/useValueListenable.html) | Subscribes to a `ValueListenable` and return its value.                                             |

#### Misc hooks:

> These are a series of hooks with no single specific use-case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A series of hooks with no particular theme.
```

The previous sentence sounds less confusing IMO. "use-case" has a different meaning than "theme"
